<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->

I am Nikhil Laxminarayana, a third year undergraduate student at the Department of Electronics and Communications Engineering at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Kalyani, West Bengal, IN.

Currently I have 1 journal publication, which you can see [here](/publications) and am on a lookout for research projects. I like to pursue research in topics on wireless communications, quantum machine learning and communications, and like tinkering with various deep learning and reinforcement learning methods. I am also passionate about distributed systems research and application of machine learning to cybersecurity. I look forward to delving deeper into the realm of digital CMOS VLSI later this year and to integrate these design flows with increasing functionalities for architectures like ARM, x86, RISC-V, etc.

I look forward to expanding my horizon by meeting like minded people. I am always on the lookout for a chance to play racket sports, be it Table Tennis or Badminton. I am an avid fan of live sports and a sporadic reader of sports history. Seldom does it squander a chance to leave me spellbound. To fight the odds every moment is exciting. Also a foodie, hit me up if you like going on food walks and exploring the food scene in and around Delhi, will join you whenever I am at home for vacations. I hope to post short pieces on things that excite me and write about happennings, both academically and nonscholarly over at [cadmus](/blog).

Would love to get in touch with you, if you have something interesting in your mind. Reach out to me, and we'll set something up. Have a good day, I'm having one. Cheers!